Adding the first 4 tasks in text to video about file (#806)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/text-to-video/about.md

## Use Cases

> Text-to-Video (T2V) models can be used in any application that requires generating a sequence of images from text descriptions, that are both temporally and spatially consistent. Text-to-video AI models are a powerful tool that can be used for a variety of purposes across different domains. As the technology continues to develop, T2V models will become even more powerful and versatile

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
Text-to-video models can be used in any application that requires generating temporally and spatially consistent sequence of images from text.  

```

### Script based video generation

> Creating shortform video content from the provided text script. T2V models can be used to create marketing videos that are more engaging and informative. For example, a company could use a text-to-video AI model to create a video that explains how their product works or that shows how their product can solve a customer's problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-to-video models can be used to create short-form video content from a provided text script. These models can be used to create engaging and informative marketing videos. For example, a company could use a text-to-video model to create a video that explains how their product works or that shows how their product can solve a customer's problem.

```

### Content format conversion

Converting long form text like blog posts, articles, and text files to engaging customizable video. T2V models can be used to create educational videos that are more engaging and interactive. For instance, creating a video that explains a complex concept from an article or that shows how to solve a math problem.

### Disaster relief and Safety protocols

> T2V can be used to generate videos that can be used to help with disaster relief efforts. For example, a text to video model could be used to generate videos that show people how to stay safe during a hurricane or how to find food and water after a natural disaster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-to-video models can be used to generate videos that show people how to stay safe during a hurricane or how to find food and water after a natural disaster.

```

> ### Medical research

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> T2V models can also be used to generate videos that can be used to help with medical research. For example, generate videos that show how the human body works or how to perform a medical procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this is a bit redundant as we mention how it can be used for educational purposes above.

### Voice overs and Speech

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> T2V models can be used on digital humans or avatars for entertainment purposes. For example an AI newscaster to deliver daily news or for a filmmaker to create a short film or a music video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-to-video models can be used to create an AI newscaster to deliver daily news, or for a film-maker to create a short film or a music video.

```

Reviewer: Maybe mention that for this it should be combined with a TTS model :')

> ### Video summarization: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Video Summarization

```

> T2V models can be used to summarize long videos into shorter, more concise videos. This can be useful for people who want to quickly get the gist of a video without having to watch the entire thing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
T2V models can be used to summarize long videos into shorter, more concise videos. This can be useful for people who want to quickly get the gist of a video without having to watch the entire thing.

```

Can you elaborate on how this can be done? I feel like this task would be video-to-video and not text-to-video.

Author: My thought process here is that if we have a text-to-video model generate something long for say 10 minutes, based on a very detailed and descriptive prompt, being able to cut the prompt size to only include the basics can now generate a video that explains the same content but in 2 minutes with only the main points from the updated summary prompt

### Visual storytelling

> Text to video models can be used to create visual stories that can be used to communicate ideas and emotions. For example, the model could be used to create a video that tells the story of a refugee family or that shows the beauty of a natural landscape that might be difficult to capture under normal circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-to-video models can be used to create visual stories to communicate ideas and emotions. For example, the model could be used to create a video that tells the story of a refugee family, or a natural landscape that might be difficult to capture under normal circumstances.

```

### Music Visualization

> Creating music visualization is a complex, time-consuming, and resource-intensive process. Users define start and end prompts of music to parameterize the visualization and these prompts are warped between and generated according to the beat of the music for audioreactive video. Commonly used design patterns for improving generated videos are : "transitions", which express shifts in color, time, subject, or style, and "holds", which encourage visual emphasis and consistency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating music visualization is a complex, time-consuming, and resource-intensive process. Users define start and end prompts of music to parameterize the visualization and these prompts are warped between and generated according to the beat of the music for audio-reactive video. Commonly used design patterns for improving generated videos are "transitions", which express shifts in color, time, subject, or style, and "holds", which encourage visual emphasis and consistency. 
```
Last sentence can be divided, and can you add where the text-to-video models come into play?

Author: Text, speech and music are all viewed as sequential encodings by the model. So text to video model is basically coming into play as an encoded representation of the music (between start to end prompt), and converted to video. I came across this idea for the use case from some youtube videos . We can remove it if not necessary

### Pose-Control

> Generating text-editable and pose-controllable character videos have a rising demand in creating digital humans/avatars. By utilizing easily obtained datasets (i.e.,image pose pair and pose-free video) and the pre-trained text-to-image (T2I) model to obtain the pose-controllable character videos, this learn a zero-initialized convolutional encoder to encode the pose information and then finetune the motion of the network via a pose-free video dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating text-editable and pose-controllable character videos have a rising demand for creating avatars. By utilizing easily obtained datasets (i.e., image pose pair and pose-free video) and a text-to-image model to obtain the pose-controllable character videos, this learns a zero-initialized convolutional encoder to encode the pose information and then fine-tune the motion of the network via a pose-free video dataset.

```
Can you simplify this for a broader audience? 😊 

>  this learns a zero-initialized convolutional encoder to encode the pose information and then finetune the motion of the network via a pose-free video dataset.

## Task Variants

> There are different variants based on the inputs and outputs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-to-video models have different variants based on inputs and outputs.

```

> ### Text to Video Retrieval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Text-to-video Retrieval

```

This is a task that involves finding videos that are relevant to a given text query. This task is challenging because it requires the model to understand the meaning of the text query and to match it to the visual content of the videos. The best approach to text-to-video retrieval depends on the specific application. For example, if the application is to find videos that are relevant to a given text query, then a text-based model may be the best approach. However, if the application is to find text queries that are relevant to a given video, then a video-based model may be the best approach.

> ### Text-to-Video Editing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Text-to-video Editing

```

> One T2V model variant is text-based video style and local attribute editing from the trained text-to-image model. Text to video editing models can make it easier to perform tasks like cropping, stabilization, color correction,resising and audio editing etc.,  and they can also help to ensure that the tasks are performed consistently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One text-to-video task is generating text-based video style and local attribute editing. Text-to-video editing models can make it easier to perform tasks like cropping, stabilization, color correction, resizing and audio editing consistently.

```

> ### Text to Video Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Text-to-video Search

```

> Text to video search is a task of retrieving videos that are relevant to a given text query. This can be challenging, as videos are a complex medium that can contain a lot of information. By using semantic analysis to extract the meaning of the text query, visual analysis to extract features from the videos, such as the objects and actions that are present in the video, and temporal analysis to categorize  relationships between the objects and actions in the video, we can determine which videos are most likely to be relevant to the text query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-to-video search is the task of retrieving videos that are relevant to a given text query. This can be challenging, as videos are a complex medium that can contain a lot of information. By using semantic analysis to extract the meaning of the text query, visual analysis to extract features from the videos, such as the objects and actions that are present in the video, and temporal analysis to categorize relationships between the objects and actions in the video, we can determine which videos are most likely to be relevant to the text query.

```

### Text-driven Video Prediction

> Video Prediction is the task of predicting future frames given past video frames. Text-driven video prediction (TVP) is a task that involves generating a video sequence from a text description. The text description can be anything from a simple sentence to a detailed story. The goal of TVP is to generate a video that is both visually realistic and semantically consistent with the text description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-driven video prediction is the task of generating a video sequence from a text description. Text description can be anything from a simple sentence to a detailed story. The goal of this task is to generate a video that is both visually realistic and semantically consistent with the text description.

```

How is this different from text-to-video generation? I think this is the main task here.

Author: I wrote it in a generic way but I wanted to frame this as a fine tuning of text to video models. Similar to how a stable diffusion or LLM can be trained on a global data and then finetuned to a niche sub data, text to video model can consume specific video series for finetuning and then predict what the next output of a text prompt would look like if it included connections from the fine tuning dataset. One application would be generating new episodes of a TV show

> ### Video translation: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Video Translation

```

> Text-to-video models can be used to translate videos from one language to another or allow to query the multilingual text-video model with non-English sentences. This can be useful for people who want to watch videos in a language that they don't understand, especailly when multi-lingual captions are available for training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Text-to-video translation models can translate videos from one language to another or allow to query the multilingual text-video model with non-English sentences. This can be useful for people who want to watch videos in a language that they don't understand, especially when multi-lingual captions are available for training.

```

Interesting, how is the input text and output video here? Can you explain?

Author: There is a latent embedding space where the text input in English is converted to a representation that translates to concepts used to generate videos. If we are training a model to generate video from an English caption, we could expand the dataset to have multiple language captions per video to form a larger vocabulary that has artificial code switching(replacing some random repeating words into other language vocab) and this helps borrows statistical properties and distributions from higher resource language like English , to some lower resource language where data or text annotation isn't available, let's say Turkish. Obviously all concepts cannot be expressed in English and there are words in other languages like French or German to describe situations or objects. Searching or prompting for a video in any language should be able to pull up or generate a similar video about the same concept

Author: There is a latent embedding space where the text input in English is converted to a representation that translates to concepts used to generate videos. If we are training a model to generate video from an English caption, we could expand the dataset to have multiple language captions per video to form a larger vocabulary that has artificial code switching(replacing some random repeating words into other language vocab) and this helps borrows statistical properties and distributions from higher resource language like English , to some lower resource language where data or text annotation isn't available, let's say Turkish. Obviously all concepts cannot be expressed in English and there are words in other languages like French or German to describe situations or objects. Searching or prompting for a video in any language should be able to pull up or generate a similar video about the same concept 

I was brainstorming use-cases . We can remove this if it doesn't align completely or sounds ambiguous.

## Inference

This section should have useful information about how to pull a model from Hugging Face Hub that is a part of a library specialized in a task and use it.

## Useful Resources

In this area, you can insert useful resources about how to train or use a model for this task.

> ## Most commonly used Datasets 

Reviewer: This section goes into data.ts, inside datasets :)

Author: I'll move it !

* **WebVid** : This consists of 10.7 million pairs of text-video pairs (52K video hours) and contains a fair amount of noisy samples with irrelevant video descriptions
* **Howto100M** : This dataset consists of 136M video clips with captions that describe complex tasks with step-by-step information on how to perform 23k activities from domains such as cooking, hand crafting, personal care, gardening or fitness. It has 136M video clips with captions sourced from 1.2M Youtube videos (15 years of video)
* **QuerYD** : This dataset focuses on the event localization task such that the captions of videos describe the relative location of objects and actions in detail.
* **DiDeMo** : The Distinct Describable Moments (DiDeMo) dataset is one of the largest and most diverse datasets for the temporal localization of events in videos given natural language descriptions. The videos are collected from Flickr and each video is trimmed to a maximum of 30 seconds.

> ## Most commonly used Models 

Reviewer: Same with this one, it goes into data.ts :) you can find it in placeholder

Author: Could you link me to a placeholder

### Content format conversion

Text-to-video models can be used to generate videos from long-form text, including blog posts, articles, and text files. Text-to-video models can be used to create educational videos that are more engaging and interactive. An example of this is creating a video that explains a complex concept from an article.

### Disaster Relief and Safety Protocols

Text-to-video models can be used to generate videos that show people how to stay safe during a hurricane or how to find food and water after a natural disaster.

### Voice-overs and Speech

Text-to-video models can be used to create an AI newscaster to deliver daily news, or for a film-maker to create a short film or a music video.

### Visual Storytelling

Text-to-video models can be used to create visual stories to communicate ideas and emotions. For example, the model could be used to create a video that tells the story of a refugee family, or a natural landscape that might be difficult to capture under normal circumstances.

> 

Reviewer: Can you remove some of the newlines? You can be inspired by the style in NLP task pages :)

Author: Done ! Both these changes have been completed
